
<h1>Descriptive writing : Adult Learning Theory</h1>

aboard about above across after against along amid among anti around as at before behind
 below beneath beside aboard about above across after against along amid among anti around
 as at before behind below beneath beside in inside into like minus near of off on onto opposite
 outside over past per plus regarding round save since than through to toward towards under
 underneath unlike until up upon versus via with within without








Learning can be defined formally as the act, process, or experience of gaining knowledge or skills. In contrast, memory can define the capacity of storing, retrieving, and acting on that knowledge. Learning helps us move from novices to experts and allow us to gain new knowledge and abilities.

Learning strengthens the brain by building new pathways and increasing connections that we can rely on when we want to learn more. Definitions that are more complex add words such as comprehension and mastery through experience or study.

Physiologically, learning is the formation of cell assemblies and phase sequences. Children learn by building these assemblies and sequences. Adults spend more time making new arrangements than forming new sequences. It is our experience and background that allow adults to learn new concepts.

At the neurological level, any established knowledge (from experience and background) appears to be made up of exceedingly intricate arrangements of cell materials, electrical charges, and chemical elements. Learning requires energy; re-learning and un-learning requires even more. We must access higher brain functions to generate the much-needed energy and unbind the old.

Adult learning, from the most fundamental to complex, is a process that allows us to build understanding and involves:

any increase in knowledge
memorizing information,
acquiring knowledge for practical use
abstracting meaning from what we do
a process that allows us to understand
Remarkably, people can learn from the moment of birth. Learning can and should be a lifelong process and should not be defined by what happened early in life or only at school. We constantly make sense of our experiences and consistently search for meaning. In essence, we continue to learn.

Though humans like the familiar and are often uncomfortable with change, the brain searches for and responds to new ideas.

Rote learning frustrates us because the brain resists meaningless stimuli. When we invoke the brain's natural capacity to integrate information, however, we can assimilate boundless amounts.

This may explain why sometimes a tough class, one you never thought you would get through, was one of your all-time favorites.We can learn from everything the mind perceives (at any age). Our brains build and strengthen neural pathways no matter where we are, no matter what the subject or the context.

Western society once believed adults didn't learn. Even today, if you ask a group why adults cannot learn, it may surprise you how many begin answering the question without challenging the premise. Unfortunately, many adults deny themselves what should be one of the most enriching parts of life because they assume they can't learn.

Conner, M. L. "How Adults Learn". Ageless Learner, 1997-2004.

http://agelesslearner.com/intros/adultlearning.html