
<h1>Fiction writing : You can not please everyone.</h1>

aboard about above across after against along amid among anti around as at before behind
 below beneath beside aboard about above across after against along amid among anti around
 as at before behind below beneath beside in inside into like minus near of off on onto opposite
 outside over past per plus regarding round save since than through to toward towards under
 underneath unlike until up upon versus via with within without








This is a short story to teach you that you can not please everyone. A man and his son were once going with their Donkey to market. As they were walking along by its side a countryman passed them and said : "You fool, what a Donkey for but to ride is upon?" 



So the Man put the Boy on the Donkey and they went on their way. But soon they passed a group of men. One of whom said : "See that lazy youngster. He lets his father walk while he rides." 



So the Man ordered his Boy to get off and got on himself. But they hadn't gone far when they passed two women. One of whom said to the other : "Shame on that lazy lout to let his poor little son trudge along." 



Well the Man did not know what to do. But at last he took his Boy up before him on the Donkey. By this time they had come to the town and the passers-by began to jeer and point at them. The Man stopped and asked what they were scoffing at. The men said : 



"Aren't you ashamed of yourself for overloading that poor Donkey of yours - you and your hulking son?" 



The man and Boy got off and tried to think what to do. They thought and they thought, till at last they cut down a pole, tied the Donkey's feet to it and raised the pole and the Donkey to their shoulders. They went along amid the laughter of all who met them till they came to Market Bridge when the Donkey, getting one of his feet loose, kicked out and caused the Boy to drop his end of the pole. In the struggle the Donkey fell over the bridge and his fore-feet being tied together, he was drowned. 



"That will teach you," said an old man who had followed them : 


<p></p>
Moral : You Can Not Please Everyone.